'\"
'\" Copyright 1991-1998 by Bell Labs Innovations for Lucent Technologies.
'\"
'\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
'\" documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided
'\" that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that the
'\" copyright notice and warranty disclaimer appear in supporting documentation,
'\" and that the names of Lucent Technologies any of their entities not be used
'\" in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software
'\" without specific, written prior permission.
'\"
'\" Lucent Technologies disclaims all warranties with regard to this software,
'\" including all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness.  In no event
'\" shall Lucent Technologies be liable for any special, indirect or
'\" consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use,
'\" data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other
'\" tortuous action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance
'\" of this software.  
'\"
'\"
.so man.macros
.TH Rbc_TreeName 3 RBC_VERSION RBC "RBC Library Procedures"
.BS
.SH NAME
Rbc_TreeName \- Returns the name of the tree data object.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <rbcTree.h>\fR
.sp
char *
\fBRbc_TreeName\fR(\fItree\fR)
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Rbc_Tree tree 
.AP Rbc_Tree tree in
Token for the tree object. 
.BE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This procedure returns the name of the C-based tree data object.
The arguments are as follows:
.TP 1i
\fItree\fR
Token for the tree object.  The token must have been previously 
obtained via \fBRbc_TreeGetToken\fR or \fBRbc_TreeCreate\fR.
.SH RETURNS
The name of the tree object is returned.  The name will be fully
qualified with a namespace context.
.SH EXAMPLE
The following example prints the name of the new tree. 
.CS
Rbc_Tree token;

if (Rbc_TreeCreate(interp, NULL, &token) != TCL_OK) {
    return TCL_ERROR;
}
printf("tree is %s\\n", Rbc_TreeName(token));
.CE
.SH KEYWORDS
Tcl_TreeGetToken, Tcl_TreeExists, Tcl_TreeReleaseToken
